#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via tensorflow-datasets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via tensorflow-datasets
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via simple-parsing
etils[array-types,enp,epath,epy,etqdm,etree]==1.9.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.53.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.6.0
    # via etils
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.64.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.11.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
idna==3.7
    # via requests
immutabledict==4.2.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via etils
keras==3.3.3
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.6
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   etils
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pyarrow
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
optree==0.11.0
    # via keras
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorflow
pillow==10.3.0
    # via matplotlib
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
psutil==6.0.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
pyarrow==16.1.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via matplotlib
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
rich==13.7.1
    # via keras
simple-parsing==0.1.5
    # via tensorflow-datasets
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.16.2
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-datasets==4.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.15.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   etils
    #   tensorflow-datasets
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   etils
    #   optree
    #   simple-parsing
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
zipp==3.19.2
    # via etils

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
